Промпт для Агента (Режим Build)
Task: Stage 32 - Documentation & Roadmap Synchronization (Reality Check)

Context:
Our recent codebase audit revealed that the documentation (replit.md and AGENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md) is outdated. Several features (Digital Acts, Video Uploads, Trust Score) are fully implemented but marked as "In Progress" or "Missing" in the docs. We need to sync the "Stage-Bible" with the actual code.

Action Required (Read-Write):

Update replit.md Checklist: >    - Move "Digital Act (check-in/check-out, video, signature, GPS-pin)" from "In Work" to COMPLETED (Stage 22b/22b-followup).

Move "Trust Score" to COMPLETED (Stage 29).

Move "YooKassa Server Integration" to COMPLETED (Stage 21a), but keep "Commercial Booking Holds" as DEFERRED (Stage 24).

Add Missing Stage 29 Log: >    - Create a section for Stage 29 (Trust Score). Document the formula used in lib/trust-score.ts, the audit events, and the triggers in reviews.ts and admin.ts.

Fix AI Documentation: >    - Update the AI Gateway description (Stage 30A/H) to reflect the correct response parsing (alternatives[0].message.text for DeepSeek/Amvera).

Ensure the current GEMINI_MODEL = "gemini-flash-latest" and its functionality on Amvera are clearly stated as confirmed.

Clarify Strategy (Political Sync):

Explicitly mark KYC, Automatic Payouts, and Commercial Booking Holds as "DEFERRED BY DESIGN" until business readiness (IP/Legal setup).

State clearly that the current "Verification" is a manual process via support tickets to avoid storing PII (152-FZ compliance).

Update Roadmap: >    - Add Stage 33: AI Arbitrator (Vision Analysis) as the next planned research stage.

Goal: > After this task, any new agent reading these files must see exactly what is working in the code today without contradictions.

Commit:
docs: sync replit.md and agent instructions with actual codebase (Stage 32)

🚀 Что делать после:
Как только Агент закончит «переписывание истории», сделай финальный пуш через Shell:

Bash
bash scripts/github-push.sh "docs: final documentation sync for Stage 32"
После этого мы будем на 100% уверены, что наш проект прозрачен, а каждый байт кода задокументирован. И тогда мы со спокойной душой пойдем делать ИИ-Арбитраж — ту самую фичу, которой нет ни у кого! ⚖️🤖